Add basic documentation (#12)
omnivector-solutions/license-manager-simulator: README.md

- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [About The Project](#about-the-project)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contact](#contact)

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project
The license-manager-simulator is an application that simulates `lmutil` output for use in the development of applications which interface to the license servers.

There are 2 parts: the API and the application to render the `lmutil` output.

## Installation
To install this project, just clone the repository, then:

```bash
$ pip install .
```
it will install all the dependencies to be able to run the API.

To run the API, use the `Makefile`:

```bash
$ make local
```

> This will run the server at `http://localhost:8000`

Reviewer: will the externally executed application.sh  be able to communicate with the simulator api when it listens on `localhost`? is there some way to make it listen on an ip that can be accessed over the network?

Author: Yes, the "localhost" just need to be reachable by the node

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project
The license-manager-simulator is an application that simulates `lmutil` output for use in the development of applications which interface to the license servers.

There are 2 parts: the API and the application to render the `lmutil` output.

## Installation
To install this project, just clone the repository, then:

```bash
$ pip install .
```
it will install all the dependencies to be able to run the API.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

To run the API, use the `Makefile`:

```bash
$ make local
```
This will run the server at `http://localhost:8000`

## Usage
You can add/remove Licenses from the license-server using the online interface at `http://localhost:8000/docs`. This helps you to make requests directly with the browser into the API, with examples.

To be able to generate the output from the server in the same format as the `lmutil`, we have the
`license_manager_simulator/template_files` folder, in there is the `lms-util.py` file. To be able to use
it is necessary to install `jinja2` and `requests`, and it is necessary to keep the `flexlm.out.tmpl`
in the same folder as the `lms-util.py`

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project
The license-manager-simulator is an application that simulates `lmutil` output for use in the development of applications which interface to the license servers.

There are 2 parts: the API and the application to render the `lmutil` output.

## Installation
To install this project, just clone the repository, then:

```bash
$ pip install .
```
it will install all the dependencies to be able to run the API.

To run the API, use the `Makefile`:

```bash
$ make local
```
This will run the server at `http://localhost:8000`

## Usage

> You can add/remove Licenses from the license-server using the `http://localhost:8000/docs`, There
> is possible to make requests directly with the browser into the API, with examples.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can add/remove Licenses from the license-server using the online interface at `http://localhost:8000/docs`. This helps you to make requests directly with the browser into the API, with examples.
```

To be able to generate the output from the server in the same format as the `lmutil`, we have the

> `license_manager_simulator/template_files` folder, there is the `lms-util.py` file. To be able to use

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`license_manager_simulator/template_files` folder, in there is the `lms-util.py` file. To be able to use
```

it is necessary to install `jinja2` and `requests`, and it is necessary to keep the `flexlm.out.tmpl`
in the same folder as the `lms-util.py`

> We also have the `application.sh` script in the root of the repository, it is a simple bash script
> that is intended to run in slurm as a job that uses the licenses from the API. It is just a dummy
> application for test that create a license_in_use in the API, sleeps, then delete the
> license_in_use.
> Just run with `./application.sh` and it is possible to specify the number of licenses in the first
> args and the user_name in the second args, but they are optional and defaults to `42` and
> `user$RANDOM` respectively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We also have the `application.sh` script in the root of the repository, it is a simple bash script
that is intended to run in Slurm as a job that uses the licenses from the API. It is just a dummy
application for test that creates a license_in_use in the API, sleeps, then deletes the
license_in_use.

To run it, execute `./application.sh`. It is possible to specify the number of licenses as the first
argument and the user name as the second (e.g. `./application.sh 123 john_doe`), but they are 
optional and defaults to `42` and `user$RANDOM` respectively.
```
